[Music]
[Applause]
hello it's free and I am basically just
going down to the post office to post
this parcel not post on first post box
basically it's a collection of Christmas
cards I've written for some students at
my old school so I'm just going to send
this off and hope fingers crossed
because it's before 9 o'clock that
they're going to get there by the end of
time on there doesn't fit posting and I
didn't think it was gonna fit through
the post box so they didn't release but
I slightly bumped the side and then it
and then it slips through I hope that he
gets delivered I suck two stamps in
there which I think should be another
[Music]
maybe I have left this slightly too late
sorry by the way I've got a slight list
because I'm wearing um my it's kind of
an antique teeth grinder thing because
I've been grinding my teeth a lot so
that's why my voice sounds strange so um
I need to get started with cooking so
having a Christmas lunch well dinner
tonight the people in my corridor and
I'm making a few different things and I
haven't got started yet I'm going to a
carol service this evening so I need to
get started pretty much now if I'm gonna
go to stuffing I'm just gonna quickly
less because I'm Ruby and I like writing
lists all the things I just need to do
and cook because I'm doing quite a few
sides so I just need to make sure of
that
and and I've also just planned
everything ready for Christmas the
things that I would like to do there are
quite a few people I'd like to see him a
Christmas so I've just made a list of
that and sent out a few messages
I think hooks everything I planned on
making by making some curried kales and
stuffed peppers crumble jam biscuits and
sweet Aldridge's
[Music]
okay so here the Prozac onions garlic
and Papa never saute excitedly the maths
and then here's the Christmas which is
just cooling down and I'm just going to
mix this all together in a big bowl and
then I'm gonna get started on the
process
[Music]
see hmm look at this super messy
workspace oh this room is willful okay
so here's the filling bed for the apple
crumble I'm going to pour it in here and
then that's gonna go on top very very
many drops all this in sheer sake that
was not good oh my gosh this thing
[Music]
here's finished crumble it
so I put lots of good old leftovers
so these up this gets and they're really
good with this raspberry jam leeks sweet
corn fritters carry kale mushrooms
crumble stuffed peppers and one of these
pools Candide pass
you